one of my homies I'm gonna show you how
to put how to get full encrypt tape and
make it and put it on to a tech deck now
i'm using a plan b tech deck I call it
on it so it's not good anymore and so
step one you can do this I'm not sure if
I'm going to and I'm not going to you
could take off the grip tape but I'm not
going to just save them time step two is
actually you don't have to do this this
is how I'm doing it I would tell you to
cut a square out and then glue it and
then sand it off no but I just gotta cut
out ready then I'm just going to glue
the cut out one
so here's my cutout you know what you're
gonna do is you're gonna take the cutout
you're gonna take the deck and you're
gonna get regular school glue Oh
technical difficulties you know what
nevermind let's do this right here there
we go your school glue Elmer's washable
safe non-toxic school glue so now what
you're going to give us take glue and
twist it and then when you put it on and
then
for this is not just like just a dot not
a lot notes that much about that much is
it zag and we're going to take it
I'm going to put it on slowly it's not a
race oh yeah I'll be right back i'm
going to go get a book read just a
little rats fine
again this is always its washable you
can take it off and try it again don't
like the cut out or something like that
you just can't take it off and use the
grip tape again there you go you might
have a little bit of glow in your hands
but no rad can't fix what you're going
to do is
and I boss all the glue
go
there we go see that now I'm going to
let it grow glue overnight at seven
thirty seven right now so I'm going to
let it go overnight i'll make a video
response after it's done drying okay see
ya